README.md, before:

# Maze Solver
## Main Script
Essentially, we want a script that does this
* Splits into n threads, and each has a unique name. On each thread:
  * Run the maze generator with X * Y dimensions
  * Solve with CSP, record time and path taken
  * Solve with RL, record time and path taken
* Average all the times together

These results should be graphed, trended to different big-O notations and 
compared in the report section.

## Maze Generator - Recursive backtracking
This is a backtracking algorithm in C++ which is compiled on Cygwin using -O3. 
Backtracking was chosen because it results [with fewer but longer dead ends, 
and usually a very long and twisty solution](http://www.astrolog.org/labyrnth/algrithm.htm), 
isn't uniform, and most importantly is bias free. We can generate a 
100,000\*100,000 maze in five minutes using ten gigabytes of RAM, and 10,000\*
10,000 in five seconds using 100MB of RAM. If we want to test even bigger, we 
should move to using recursive division, but that can end up with a maze that 
looks less 'human' as the passages are all either 2\*1 or 1\*2 in shape.

## PAT Solver
Essentially just the shunting game in the example scripts. Requires testing to 
check for memory overflow, must be able to survive until at least 1000\*1000.

## RL Model
To check and optimise

Commit message:

Updated readme and removed accidentally added files

README.md, after:

# Maze Solver
## Overview
This consists of five tools. The PAT Solver folder, RLSolver folder, 
maze_generator folder, and the Profiler and ProfileParser.

## PAT Solver
There are two files in here, a 'normal' maze solver that functions exactly
like the shunting game, and a solver that marks where it has gone. It was noticed
that if we mark the previous move, it lowers the maximum number of transitions
and usually makes it faster with less memory usage.

## Reinforcement Learning
This is essentially just the lab split into individual scripts. The grid\_world 
handles all of the operations with regards to the actual world, the rl\_agent 
manages the RLAgent class, and the script ties them together.

## Maze Generator - Recursive backtracking
This is a backtracking algorithm in C++ which is compiled on Cygwin using -O3. 
Backtracking was chosen because it results [with fewer but longer dead ends, 
and usually a very long and twisty solution](http://www.astrolog.org/labyrnth/algrithm.htm), 
isn't uniform, and most importantly is bias free. We can generate a 
100,000\*100,000 maze in five minutes using ten gigabytes of RAM, and 10,000\*
10,000 in five seconds using 100MB of RAM. So the time spent on maze
generation in comparison to other tasks is next to none.

Another thing that is done in the maze generator is making the maze files.
It fully prints the CSP file with the correct syntax, and prints the text
file used by the RL scripts.

## Profiler.py
This runs the maze generator, then runs the CSP and the RL on the same maze that 
was made for a given number of loops with increments

## ProfileParser.py
This consists of two classes, the ProfileParser and the GraphMaker. Due to how
the profiler produces just the outputs of the commands instead of parsing out the
useful information, it extracts the actual useful parts.

As for the graph maker, it makes graphs.
